Commitment Discount {Quantity,Unit} - Consistency review edits (#550)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/commitmentdiscountquantity.md

Reviewer: CommitmentDiscountQuantity - Column type: Metric instead of Dimension

> * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.

Author: Sorry, this might have been lost in translation earlier ... 

1. Identify just the granular points which you feel are missing and then incorporate these into this pr
2. Incorporate these points into this pr, without effectively rewriting it.

> * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.

Author: Discussed in TF-1 today, going to revisit a more wide-ranging readability topic in a later release

* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be of type Decimal and MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.

> * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null or any valid decimal value if *ChargeClass* is "Correction".

Reviewer: even in case of the correction, any valid decimal value should be allowed only if CommitmentDiscountId is not null

Author: Applied this ^^

> * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null or any valid decimal value if [*CommitmentDiscountId*](#commitmentdiscountid) is not null and [*ChargeClass*](#chargeclass) is "Correction".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null or a positive decimal in some [*ChargeClass*](#chargeclass) "Correction" scenarios where [*CommitmentDiscountId*](#commitmentdiscountid) is not null.
```
This is a nitpick. This as is currently written doesn't make sense to me as a requirement. I don't have a great suggestion for how to fix it. It seems unnecessary to have a requirement that says the value can be any allowed value (which for a nullable decimal column is any decimal OR null). Should we only call out abnormal cases?

Fine if you want to ignore this as well.

Author: Discussed in TF-1 today, going to revisit a more wide-ranging readability topic in a later release

> * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null or any valid decimal value if [*CommitmentDiscountId*](#commitmentdiscountid) is not null and [*ChargeClass*](#chargeclass) is "Correction".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null or any valid decimal value if *ChargeCategory* is "Purchase" or "Usage", [*CommitmentDiscountId*](#commitmentdiscountid) is not null, and [*ChargeClass*](#chargeclass) is "Correction".
```

Author: A non-null commitment discount id  always references either a Purchase or Usage, so I don't think this is needed.

Reviewer: Considering that some dataset producers might interpret the requirements individually and assume that, in case of corrections, it’s acceptable to provide a value regardless of Charge Category, as long as the CommitmentDiscountId is included, I prefer to be as precise as possible.

Reviewer: > A non-null commitment discount id always references either a Purchase or Usage

I assumed the same, but when I checked, I realized that we didn’t specify that. Therefore, I suggest we include those two conditions as well.

Author: This addition does not add anything to make this statement more correct or incorrect.

> In cases where the *ChargeCategory* is "Purchase" and *CommitmentDiscountId* is not null, and *ChargeClass* is not "Correction", the following applies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where the *ChargeCategory* is "Purchase", *CommitmentDiscountId* is not null, and *ChargeClass* is not "Correction", the following applies:
```
